what's up everyone John from AR TV it's
time for a review of the newest studio
album from pop rockers the main this one
is titled American candy can I just say
that there are a lot of albums coming
out lately that I am just really getting
into 2015 could be a very very good year
from music pop rock group the main
formed about eight years ago I believe
it was and I've been listening to them
from the start of course we go all the
way back to can't stop won't stop and
songs like everything I asked for which
I can still throw on and have a good
time with well we grew up with them they
briefly went to Warner Brothers for
black and white an album that seemed
like a bit of a misfire if you ask me
then they returned to form with pioneer
and had a really strong outing in
forever Halloween two years ago and that
was an album that got a little bit
darker they saw some dark times through
their past few releases and I feel like
I've kind of grown along with the main
through the years and it's been really
interesting and intriguing with this new
album American candy though we're back
to the upbeat side of the main without
taking a step back these songs and this
batch of songs I should say is catchy
there are hooks for days on this record
and there is so much to take into and
appreciate about this album every song
on this album is ear wormy even The
Ballad styled song 24th floor which is a
little bit more depressing maybe it
would have been more at home on forever
Halloween but they still find a way to
make it fit and work with this album's
groove from start to finish there is not
one song that I would say yeah
you know what I would cut that that one
doesn't belong here it doesn't fit it
messes with the flow of the record I
feel like this album feels very
connected
it's down-to-earth and it deals with
some themes that you might think are a
bit ridiculous because there's a song
called my hair a same suit different tie
but they managed to pull it off I feel
like there are a lot of metaphors hidden
in these lyrics and while some of them
may just be kind of straightforward
songs I mean maybe John O'Callaghan
wanted to write a song about his hair
and he did it and it's one that just
says hey appreciate your hair while you
still have it but
managed to do it in a way that is so fun
and just so straightfoward pop rock
alternative awesome that I cannot deny
the pain for what they've done and
accomplished here English girls first
song that we got off of this record fell
in love almost instantly it has done
nothing that grow on me in the few
months that we've had with this track
this is a song that gets embedded in my
head so often it's pretty much a daily
occurrence at at this point and I don't
have a problem with that the guitars are
smooth and effective John's voice here
is just soothing catchy gripping
everything about this track just works
it's one of those pop rock gems that you
just don't expect to come out and then
it just hits you American candy the
title track on this album is another one
that came out of left field and just
totally took a chokehold on me it's one
of those that kind of starts off a
little bit slow but then lights the fuse
and then just explodes whenever the
chorus rolls around and loving the
social commentary that's flowing all out
of these tracks it's not all just
silliness I think a lot of it has deeper
meanings like I was saying and is
definitely influenced by a somewhat 90s
leaning sound they've always said that
they were influenced by the 90s
considering that's the generation that
they grew up in I just like me am I
pretty is one of the songs that really
stood out to me I can't quite put my
finger on the grip that it reminds me of
but it pretty much just oozes with
sarcasm and I love that it's just like
foaming at the mouth with it at the same
time I feel like it's gonna go over a
lot of people's heads but they're still
really gonna enjoy it
either way it's a fantastic dance song
diet sodas society is one that opens up
with some whistles some guitars and I'm
really loving the instrumentation on
this one but what really got me on here
was the lyrical content I talked about
social commentary and John O'Callaghan
opens up with my favorite line from the
entire record to be honest I'm full of
but that's alright because everyone
else that I know is and that's just one
of those moments where I was just like
yes I say stuff like this all the time
anyways you just cannot go wrong with
that track another one that closes out
the album another night on Mars it's one
that feels like it would be almost a
drinking anthem one that just kind of
builds you up it talks about your
friends your core group or friends that
are always going to be there and support
you it reminds me of a track on the last
forever The Sickest Kids
it's album that kind of tried to do that
that kind of failed at the same time I
think this is the correct version of
that one that just really really sold it
for me I think it carries out the album
on one of those really positive and
strong notes it just almost feels like
you're kind of walking home on a summer
night with your friends around you and
you're basically kind of trading stories
talking about all of these nights you've
had the shitty bars etc I just don't
think they could have closed out this
album in a better fashion unlost is one
of the only tracks on this album that
I'm not really connecting with on many
levels I won't say that it's a bad song
by any means because I don't think that
there is a pet song on this LP like I
mentioned several times I know I got
really worked up and kind of excited
when talking about this album it's just
because I did not really expect it I
will say that unlost like I said I just
felt a little bit a little bit like it
missed the mark to me
but the final track that I will mention
is miles away definitely think this
thing has a really really solid start to
the album it gives it that breath of
life that we just kind of needed to
real-ass in as the listener and then it
just kind of keeps your attention all
throughout I like the guitar solo on
this one in particular and I thought the
hook was really strong and it goes into
same suit different time really well and
then the album just kind of steam rolls
in a very good direction from there I
kind of went off the cuff on this review
didn't really write down much just
because I felt like I had a lot to say
but I didn't exactly know how to say it
so I just kind of let my brain spill out
to the camera I hope you enjoyed this
style of review from me this album
American candy has been extremely
enjoyable a pleasant surprise like I
said and it's probably my favorite main
album today honestly a pioneer was
holding that record before but American
candy is just one that I can see myself
listening to for a long time to come
it's so much fun I hope you guys enjoy
it as well for me this record is a 24.5
like I said 2015 could be shaping up to
be a very good year for music I'm
excited about it I've been giving out a
lot of positive ratings lately because
there's been a lot of albums that have
just been not only living up to the hype
but really blowing my expectations out
of
I mean Death Cab for Cutie purity
written Kendrick Lamar the main all-time
low
maybe we'll see because that's my next
review thanks so much for liking this
video subscribing to the channel and
telling a friend about AR TV because
friends don't let friends go on
subscribed thank you so much for
watching and I will see you very soon
right here on AR TV